To stop the separate items I'll again create a separate component and I'll name it meal.
Item Doc J.S. name as always.
It's totally up to you and in there you know the game.
We trade a react component by importing react.
We'll also probably need view text and style sheet and maybe also some other things from react.
Native then we set up the component meal item where we receive props and where we then return some J
is actually and set up a solid sheet here stored in the stalls constant with stalls she'd create to
which we pass an object and in the end we export our meal item here as the file default now with that
here in mule item in this component.
We of course need to return some tray as ex code for that meal item and that's something I get from
the category meal screen there.
I have this view with my text in here that's in the end what I want output but more complex than that
but I'll cut it from there and move it over to meal item and their return.
This view here but of course we're not done with debt for one.
This also should be touchable because we can select a meal we can select such a recipe to be taken to
the detail screen so I'll import touchable opacity.
Now of course you could again make that differentiation and use the ripple effect with touchable native
feedback on Android if you wanted to.
I'll go with touchable opacity for now and wrap my view here with touchable whips touchable opacity
like this so that we can actually tap our item here and on press I actually want to trigger a function
that I expect to get on a property which we're not passing into the meal item yet but because we're
not using the meal item yet anywhere but which I will pass in in the future maybe renamed named as on
select meal or just on select whatever you want I'll name add ons like meal and I expect to get that
prop on the meal item when we then use it in J as X so that's detachable opacity.
In there I have my view with that title and actually that view should be a bit more complex than that.
I want to have a view a nest that you in there like this and never view below that.
So I want to have two rows.
This will be set up as a column but these two views here will be set up as rows here.
The first view should also render a background image so that the title sits in front of this background
image.
The second view the second row here should render some details about the selecting recipe.
Like its complexity and duration.
So let's start with that before we later at the image on both these views.
I will therefore add the style property and point at Styles
meal row or whatever you want to name this because it will be a row in my meal presentation here.
And I'll add meal row down there day for and set the Flex direction here to row of course because well
that should be rows of data now on the around the overall item here.
I'll wrap another view where I want to set up a general style
of styles meal item and meal item.
That also is configured here in the style sheet of course and dare I want to give each meal a height
of two hundred let's say each item in the list here and a width of one hundred percent to take the full
available width and also maybe a background color of this grayish.
Look here we can see where we want to keep that for now I'll use that.
Now we can use the meal item here and we're not done with it yet but we can start using it here in the
category meals screen by of course importing it import meal item from the components folder and they
are from the meal item file and then render this here so return meal item here like this.
And of course we now need to pass on some data data like the title which we get from item data dot item
data title and the on select prop which I expect to get an email item which we in the end hook up to
touchable capacities on press prop on select meal.
That was the name I chose.
That's all the something we need to set up here.
When we used the meal item edition point that a function which for now doesn't do anything but which
will later load the detail page for that meal.
So now we get the title on the title prop Henson meal item here when we output the title we do this
with the help of props.
Title if we now save this we should actually be able to see something here so let's wait for this to
reload.
And yeah we see our meal here as certainly not too beautiful but at least we see a bit more than before.
Now what I'd like to have here is a little bit of spacing around the list but ends up off the spacing
the list items should take the full available with and not just the width of the widest item which is
currently what's happening.
And for that we can go to the flat list and there at the stall property and set this with two 100 percent
to make sure that the flat list itself takes all the with it can get.
With that we should have to look we want year.
Now of course the meal items are not done though.
They don't look the way I want them to look though we all slowly get there now in the meal item chest
fall we still have some work left to do though.
For example this view here with the title will later also hold the image and Daffodil should be way
bigger than the row below it which will later just output some details.
Hence here I will merge my meal row stalls with no style object so with the style set up in another
style sheet object which I'll name meal header or whatever you want to name it and the same down there
by the way for the details in the end there.
I will merge this with Styles meal detail so that we have combined styles and let's start with the meal
header which we can set up here.
The meal header in the end will hold the image and also the title and I want the height of this to be
let's say 80 percent of the available height.
So this should be very very large the meal details automatically will therefore get the remaining 20
percent obviously and to see whether that works let's output some details here so in that view here
in that row below our title row.
I also want to have some text here and there I'll output.
Let's say props duration and then end there after 4 minutes because iteration will be a number which
we treat as minutes.
We just need to pass into duration from the category meals screen of course.
So when we used to meal item besides passing in a title I'll set the duration prop because we're now
expecting this only meal item.
We get this from item data but item which is our meal and there will have a duration property because
our meals as defined in the model here do have a duration property.
And indeed if you have a look at the dummy data this year is your duration which has fed in
if we save this.
Now we see our duration down there and actually we can still change that height here to even 90 percent
should be hired and it was here.
That looks better.
And of course you can experiment with this as well in the meal detailed row.
I also want to have some horizontal padding the left and right off let's say 10 and justify my content
here with space between keep in mind it's a row so this will justify it horizontally so that when we
have multiple items they will be nicely distributed there.
So we have 20 minutes let's output more information there by adding a number of text and their output
the complexity.
So here are output complexity and there after all output.
These are for the ability of now we just need to pass and that data as well when creating our meal item.
So here besides duration we pass in complexity which we get here.
Item data item complexity and affordability that's of course item data.
Dot item dot affordability.
Like that and if we save this and let us we render now we see this output here still not super beautiful
and we can definitely enhanced this but a nice start now is simple and affordable or our complexity
and affordability therefore that should be stolid but differently we know it will be text and therefore
I can use some Javascript functions or methods we have available on springs I will simply use to upper
case to convert it to opera case entirely like this and now it is should already look a bit nicer than
before now you can still tweak the styling it all go with with this styling and for now and let's now
add a background image above.
So for this we want of a background image behind this title text and thankfully react native makes adding
such a background image really really simple react date of ships with an built in component to image
background component which we can use to well render image in the background as you would imagine by
the name you added next to the component behind which you want to add it and you added before that component.
So here at Image background and on image background like on the normal image you set a source here my
source is a web image so we pass an object if it would be a local image you would use require and what
you learn about local images earlier in the course but here it's a web image so we pass an object with
a you are I prop and dare we use props image which is where I expect to get that you are all in this
component so of course we'll have to make sure we pass into you are L on that prop I'll also add some
styling here and dad will be style start BJP image which we now going add to the style sheet down there
wherever you want maybe here doesn't really matter an important thing here you have to set width and
height because it's a much from the web and I will use them 100 percent for both because it should fill
the entire space it gets now we just have to make sure we pass in that image prop here in category meals
screen so besides the title here I also want to pass an item data on item dot image you are L is the
name of it you can see that in the model image your ls so that sort of a passing in and we pass this
to the image prop because that's what we're expecting and what we're setting here in the meal item and
if you'd now save that and let's mix things up and test is on Android just takes a bit longer to load
which is why I typically use I guess here but now if we test this we see our burger here which we don't
see anymore is our title though to show the title again make sure that you actually wrap image back
run around it this is how you tell React Native which content should be inside above that background
image it's now with Dad here's our title not that easy to read and we'll fix that but it's there again
so we're getting started with that recipe here now let's make sure the title is a bit easier to see
by giving it a style here styles title which we can now set up down there and I want to set a fun family
of open Sands.
Bolt makes sense since we registered this fund.
Give it a fun size which we increase a little bit maybe twenty two.
You can play around with that of course.
Give it a color of white to make it a bit easier to read and also sign a background color so that we
can always see it even if the background image would be white.
In which case white text would be hard to read by giving bizarre RG be a color which is a color that
has built in transparency so to say and this is simply a black color which is a bit transparent
and now also add a little bit of padding here padding vertical.
All five should look good so that the background colored box here doesn't sit right on the edges of
the text that's inside of the box and putting horizontal of 12 maybe with Dad we should always see our
title and actually we can probably decrease that transparency here.
Increased the transparency decreased opacity.
Yeah that looks a bit nicer.
I think
like this and the only thing I want to do now is I want to move that title down at the bottom of this
image and therefore on the BJP image style which I have here.
I'll set justified content to flex end because the background image automatically acts as a flex box
so to say like a view so we can justify our content in there.
And now we have that title at the bottom.
We could now also center the text by going to the title leader and adding text align center.
And in case it's too long too big.
Besides of course shrinking the font size which I'll do a little bit to 20.
Of course you can go to that text here where you output a title and set number of lines to 1 and this
will ensure that the Texas automatically shortened.
If it's too large like here for you sell it with cherry tomatoes we also see a strange effect here on
IAW where we have some extra background behind our text and not just the background colored box here.
That's because I applied my background color ends on effect directly on the text to fix this we can
cut it from the title here and only set up the color ends on there and instead add a title container.
Here where we add this background color and so on and wrap this container around our title so I extra
view we add here and it's quite normal and react native to next multiple such views and on that view
we can now add style styles title container and if we save Dad we should get rid of that strange behavior
on ISIS.
Yeah.
Now we don't have that extra box stair step.
We just have one background color and the same on Android.
So now this doesn't look too bad but I'm not one to hire entirely happy.
I'd like to center my details here vertically as well and give it a little bit more space I guess.
For Dad we can give the header maybe a 5 percent of the height and on the M8 meal detail here.
Keep in mind that our Flex direction is row because we're merging meal row and meal detail here and
therefore our across X is top to bottom.
So if we want to center vertically that is the cross axis on which we need to center.
So here we can set a line items which does the cross axis positioning to center and also change our
color here a little bit to a little bit of a nicer color.
This very light gray F5 F5 f fight 5 might look a bit better.
Yeah.
Definitely does.
Now to make sure that we do reuse center vertically we just need to be more explicit about the height.
Our meal details should take
we take eighty five percent on the header so on the detail here we can set a height of 15 percent.
Obviously to take the rest Yeah and I'd say this looks quite decent here.
Certainly list items with which we can work here.
I'll now just add a little bit of a border radius because you know I like border radius so I'll add
a border radius of 10 year so that we have some rounded corners and with that if you go back we're almost
there but you'll notice that the image actually doesn't respect the border radius.
Now to fix that on the mule item we just have to say overflow hidden so that no child item can go outside
of this space or does shape.
We're building here
and with that that's a start something we can work with.
Now of course you want to make sure that when we tap such a item we actually go to the detail page.